magento/devdocs#: Add setGuestEmailOnCart mutation API errors (#5882)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/mutations/set-guest-email.md

{% include graphql/cart-object.md %}

[Cart query output]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/cart.html#cart-output) provides more information about the `Cart` object.

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---

> `Could not find a cart with ID "XXX"` | Cart ID specified in the `cart` attribute does not exist.

Author: **fixed**

`Invalid email format` | Specified value in the `email` attribute has incorrect format.

> `Required parameter "cart_id" is missing` | Value in the `cart` attribute is empty or `cart` attribute did not specify in the mutation.

Author: **fixed**

> `Required parameter "email" is missing` | Mutation `email` attribute has an empty value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Required parameter "email" is missing` | The `email` attribute was omitted or contains an empty value.
```

Author: **fixed**

`The current user cannot perform operations on cart "XXX"` | Not authorized user (guest) tried to set an email to customer's cart.

> `The request is not allowed for logged in customers` | Authorized user (customer) is unable to use `setGuestEmailOnCart` mutation.

Reviewer 2: I would say "Authorized user (customer) is not allowed ...". Since "unable" here sounds like "not able for some reason". Thank you

> `The request is not allowed for logged in customers` | Authorized user (customer) is not allowed to use `setGuestEmailOnCart` mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The request is not allowed for logged in customers` | An authorized user (customer) is not allowed to use the `setGuestEmailOnCart` mutation.
```

Author: **fixed**
